{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green73\blue125;}
{\info
{\title  }
{\subject  }
{\doccomm  }
{\author  }
{\*\company  }
{\keywords  }}\vieww13140\viewh16740\viewkind1\viewscale130
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 \
BOUNCE PRIVACY POLICY\
\
Last Updated:  \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b0 \cf0 \
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Bounce Labs, Inc. (\'93
\b Bounce\'94
\b0 , \'93
\b we
\b0 ,\'94 \'93
\b us
\b0 ,\'94 or \'93
\b our
\b0 \'94).  This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our website or mobile application (collectively, the "
\b Services
\b0 ") or when you otherwise interact with us.\
\
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification).  We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b \cf0 \
Collection of Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb120\sa120\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 Information You Provide to Us\

\b0 We collect information you provide directly to us.  For example, we collect information when you create an account, participate in any interactive features of the Services, apply for a job, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us.  The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, Facebook login information, Facebook friends, locations that you often walk to (\'93
\b Homepoints
\b0 \'94), and any other information you choose to provide.  \

\b Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services \

\b0 When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:\
\pard\tx356\pardeftab720\li356\sb120\sa120\pardirnatural\qj

\b \cf0 Log Information:
\b0   We collect log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.\

\b Device Information:  
\b0 We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.\

\b Location Information:
\b0   We may collect information about the location of your device each time you access or use our mobile application or otherwise consent to the collection of this information.  For more details, please see \'93Your Choices\'94 below.\

\b Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
\b0   We and our service providers use various technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons.  Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits.  Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.  For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see \'93Your Choices\'94 below.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb120\sa120\pardirnatural\qj

\b \cf0 Information We Collect From Other Sources\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b0 \cf0 We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.  For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b \cf0 Use of Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb120\sa120\pardirnatural\qj

\b0 \cf0 We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:\
\pard\tx253\pardeftab720\li253\fi-253\sb120\sa120\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 Provide, maintain and improve our Services;\
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;\
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;\
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Bounce, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;\
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services; \
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Bounce and others;\
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests; and\
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected. \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 Bounce is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law.  By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law.  Where this is the case, we will take appropriate measures to protect information about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b \cf0 Sharing of Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb120\sa120\pardirnatural\qj

\b0 \cf0 We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:\
\pard\tx253\pardeftab720\li253\fi-253\sb120\sa120\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;\
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process;\
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Bounce or others;\
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; \
Between and among Bounce and its current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership; and\
With your consent or at your direction.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b \cf0 Social Sharing Features\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b0 \cf0 \
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like" button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa.  Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature.  For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b \cf0 Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb120\sa120\pardirnatural\qj

\b0 \cf0 We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and in applications.  These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information.  This information may be used by Bounce and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity.  For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.\
We may also work with other websites or platforms (such as Facebook) to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign, unless you notify us that you prefer not to have information about you used in this way.  To opt out, email us at team@bounceho.me.\

\b Security\

\b0 Bounce takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.\

\b Your Choices\
Account Information\

\b0 You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by adding or deleting your Homepoints or emailing us at team@bounceho.me.  If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please delete the App from your mobile device, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.  We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
\b \
Location Information\

\b0 When you first launch any of our mobile applications that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of this information. We currently require this location information in order to use certain features within our Services, so if you do not consent to this collection, you cannot use those features. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, certain features of the App will no longer function. You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile applications from your device.\

\b Cookies\

\b0 Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.  If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies.  Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our Services.  To delete or disable flash cookies please visit \cf2 http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html\cf0  for more information.  \

\b Promotional Communications\

\b0 You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Bounce by following the instructions in those emails or by emailing us at team@bounceho.me.  If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b \cf0 Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b0 \cf0 \
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at team@bounceho.me.
\f1\fs24 \
}